docs: add ttl control section and faq (#20)
bisdn/bisdn.github.io: faq.md

1. Why do i get a latency above 1ms when trying to ping the IP address assigned to a switch port from a directly connected server ?
   - This is the delay incurred by using the OpenFlow interface on-switch. The traffic destined to the controller is encapsulated in the OpenFlow PACKET_IN, destined to the tap interface created by basebxd. This extra encapsulation and transmission over the OpenFlow channel results in a ~1.5ms delay when pinging the switch port. 

2. Why do some packets with TTL=1 not reach my router?

>   - Packets traversing the switch may have a rule in Unicast Routing table to route the packets to the CPU. In the `eBGP` the packets carrying BGP messages have a TTL=1, which results in the packet being dropped when they would reach the CPU. For this reason there exists a switch control `L3UcastTtl1ToCpu` to enable routing TTL=1 packets to the CPU. For more information refer to [TTL control section](setup/setup_standalone.md#ttl-controls). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Switches that forward packtes may have a rule in the "Unicast Routing" table to route the packets to the CPU. In `eBGP` the packets carrying BGP messages have a TTL=1, which results in the packet being dropped when they would reach the CPU. For this reason there exists a switch control `L3UcastTtl1ToCpu` to enable routing TTL=1 packets to the CPU. For more information refer to [TTL control section](setup/setup_standalone.md#ttl-controls). 
```
